WELCOME
Welcome to EE Journals (EEJ) website. EEJ publishes current findings and inventions in our Journals. Our journals publish peer reviewed novel researches, short communication and review articles. 


ABOUT EEJ
EE Journals (EEJ) is an international data, information and analytics database. EEJ supports scholars, researchers, academics and healthcare professionals improve science, researches and health outcomes for the benefit of the world.


SUBMIT YOUR PAPER
Papers can be forwarded through the form below or as an email attachment to eejeditor@eejournals.org   


•	Name*
 First  Last 	
•	Email*
 
•	File*
Accepted file types: doc, docx.
 

INSTRUCTIONS	 
How to submit your paper
Papers can be forwarded as an email attachment to eejeditor@eejournals.org   
 
Manuscript preparation guidelines
Original research papers, review articles, short communications and technical reports in all areas of Humanities, Social and Applied sciences, Biology, Health and Life sciences, Zoology, Agriculture, Management and Arts can be submitted provided that the work is not previously published or under consideration for publication elsewhere.
________________________________________

Contact us
For enquiries contact us via: eejeditor@eejournals.org      


________________________________________
 
Manuscript preparation
Articles should be prepared in clear brief and decent English.
•	Paper title: (12 bold)
•	Authors list: (First Author1, Second Author2 and Third Author3(12 bold)
•	Abstract: The abstract should recapitulate the contents of the aricle. It should not be more than 450 words. (10 bold)
•	Keywords: About five-six keywords separated by comma in alphabetical order (10 bold)
•	Introduction: (12 bold )
•	Headings (12 bold)
•	Figures and Tables: Must be clear and numbered consecutively (10 bold)
•	Conclusion (10 bold)
•	References : Bibliographic references in the text should appear like [1,2,3,4,………] using square brace. References should be numbered consecutively in the text.
•	References should be in APA Style or MLA Style in agreement with the author’s discipline, but there should be consistency.
References
Journal Articles
Stainless, V., Poko, D. and Jerob, K. (2019). Assessment of the impacts of transferrable viruses in America. Eurasian Experiment Journal of Public Health, 1(1): 300 -376.



Book chapters
Poko, D. (2019).  Assessment of the impacts of transferrable viruses in America. Houston (Ed), Handbook of Medicine, 8 (New York : Springer verlag, pp:900-970.
Thesis
Poko, D. (2019). Assessment of the impacts of transferrable viruses in America. Ph.D thesis, Christopher Newport University Newport News, Virginia.
Case report
Poko, D. (2019). Assessment of the impacts of transferrable viruses in America. 2015-2018. US-AID Report, Chicago, IL. EPA 712-R-65-010.
Units and Abbreviations
Authors should follow internationally agreed rules adopted by IUPAC, commission on biochemical nomenclature.
Copyright and permissions
By submitting a manuscript to the EEJ editor you are assumed to have approved consent to publish the manuscript. 
EDITORIAL BOARD
Professionals that are interested to serve in the editorial board of NIJ should send their resume/CV to the managing editor eejeditor@eejournals.org      .
PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
Your privacy is important to EE JOURNALS.  This privacy declaration provides information about the personal information that EE JOURNALS gathers, and the ways in which EE JOURNALS uses that private information.
Private information collection
EE JOURNALS will assemble and make use of personal information that is necessary for the processing and publication of manuscripts submitted to us. This information may include names, association and contact details; including postal address, emails, phone numbers and fax numbers.
Using personal information
Any private information received by EE JOURNALS will only be used to:
•	process and publish manuscript.
•	manage this website;
•	personalize the website for you;
•	enable your access to and use of the website services;
•	process manuscript;
•	publish manuscript;
•	send to you about your manuscript
•	send to you as statements and invoices
•	collect payments from you; and
•	send you marketing communications.
Where EE JOURNALS discloses your private information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be compelled to use that private information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement. In addition to the disclosures reasonably essential for the purposes identified elsewhere above, EE JOURNALS may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
EE JOURNALS will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that EE JOURNALS collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which EE JOURNALS operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world. 


Updating this statement
EE JOURNALS may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites. EE JOURNALS is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact EEJ JOURNALS
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or EE JOURNALS treatment of your personal information, please send an email to eejeditor@eejournals.org      
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Introduction
These terms and conditions direct your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full.   If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
EEJ editors identify and prevent the publication of papers where research misconduct has occurred.  In the event that EEJ editors are made aware of any allegation of research misconduct, EEJ editors shall deal with the allegations appropriately.
Retraction/correction
For retraction/correction of your published articles, the author/authors should write the managing editor and give appropriate reason/reasons why the article/articles should be retracted. If the reason is discussed by the editorial board and approved, the paper will be retracted/corrected immediately. EEJ is always willing to publish corrections, clarifications, retractions and apologies when needed.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, EE JOURNALS and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website.  Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
•	republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
•	sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
•	show any material from the website in public;
•	reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
•	edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
•	redistribute material from this website except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
You may reproduce, duplicate, copy, edit, modify and redistribute content that is specifically made available under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License 4.0 International License. However, you may not claim ownership or pretend to be the content owner by republishing without adequate citation and credit with links to the original source of the content.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity. You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant to EE JOURNALS a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or EE JOURNALS or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint. EE JOURNALS reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied.  EE JOURNALS makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, EE JOURNALS does not warrant that:
•	this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
•	the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.
Limitations of liability
EE JOURNALS will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in these terms and conditions are reasonable. If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, EE JOURNALS has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees.  You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against EE JOURNALS officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website. You agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect EE JOURNALS’ officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as EE JOURNALS.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify EE JOURNALS and undertake to keep EE JOURNALS indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by EE JOURNALS to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of EE JOURNALS’ legal advisers) incurred or suffered by EE JOURNALS arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to EE JOURNALS’ other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, EE JOURNALS may take such action as EE JOURNALS deems appropriate to deal with the breach.




Variation
EE JOURNALS may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time.  Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website.  Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
PUBLICATION ETHICS AND MALPRACTICE STATEMENT
EE Journals require all the authors to obey the International ethical standards as approved by the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE), International Association of Scientific, Technical and Medical Publishers (STM), International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE), and World Association of Medical Editors (WAME). Plagiarism or copying someone else’s work/ideas and passing them as one’s own is strongly abhorred in EE Journals. All the manuscripts submitted should be the original work/works of the author/authors.
Authors should not to submit one manuscript to more than one journal at the same time. Manipulation, fabrication or falsification of data is strongly abhorred and those found guilty of such misconduct will be blacklisted. Authors are advised to use only appropriate citations in there manuscripts. Unrelated references to submitted manuscripts are not acceptable in EE Journals. EEJ editors identify and prevent the publication of papers where research misconduct has occurred.  In the event that EEJ editors are made aware of any allegation of research misconduct, EEJ editors shall deal with the allegations appropriately.

CONTACT US
For inquiries, suggestions, advertising offers and other issues, please fill the contact us form below or send us a mail via eejeditor@eejournals.org. Normally, we will respond within 48 hours
China Office
Liaoning Shenyang Hun Southern District, Shengying Lijing Building No:201 Unit no 1. 
Turkey Office
Baki Seheri Narimanov Rayonu Azadiq Prospketi ev 144 Menzil 13 Baku Azerbaijian.
 
 
Open AccNess

EE JOURNALS OPEN ACCESS
An Open Access publication is one that meets the following conditions:
» The author(s) and copyright holder(s) grant to all users a free, irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual right of access and a license to copy, use, distribute, transmit and display the work publicly and to make and distribute derivative works in any digital medium for any responsible purpose, subject to proper attribution of authorship, as well as the right to make small number of printed copies for their personal use.
» A complete version of the work and all supplemental materials, including a copy of the permission as stated above, in a suitable standard electronic format is deposited immediately upon initial publication in at least one online repository that is supported by an academic institution, scholarly society, government agency, or other well-established organization that seeks to enable Open Access, unrestricted distribution, interoperability, and long-term archiving (for the biomedical sciences, PubMed Central is such a repository).
» Open Access is a property of individual works.
» Community standards, rather than copyright law, will continue to provide the mechanism for enforcement of proper attribution and responsible use of the published work.
The Open Access movement - A comprehensive outlook
» In recent times, there has been a lot of debate on the implementation of Open Access for research publications. Keeping this in mind, a comprehensive outlook on Open Access and its impact on scientific community is being provided in this article.
» Open Access should be seen as a means of accelerating scientific discovery by providing free and unrestricted access of scientific knowledge via the Internet. An essential role of Open Access is the long-term preservation of peer-reviewed scholarly journal articles and research data. Open Access is not only used for journal articles but is also being implemented to theses, scholarly monographs, and book chapters. Promotion of Open Access is very crucial to encourage innovation, socio-economic development, and flow of knowledge around the world. As such, Open Access can be defined as an instrument ultimately used for public welfare to stimulate the growth of global science, as well as maintain the quality of scientific achievements at the same time.
» Restricted access to research findings and scientific discovery through subscription and pay-per-view journals will only impede communication through the scientific community. In addition, restricted access can also hamper the education and dissemination of scientific knowledge to the aspiring younger generations who are keen to pursue a career in science. Increased productivity and development of science can only be achieved by diffusing knowledge and providing the facilities for creating permanent repositories such as Open Access.
» Through Open Access publications, scientists can avoid subscription fees and copyright and licensing restrictions to access free scholarly literature. Since Open Access publishing allows the permanent restoration of scientific data through digital copies, other than the constraint of Internet access, scientists around the world can freely share information and collaborate to enhance the progress of science. Open Access journals not only give royalty to free literature, but also reduce costs for paper-copy production, physical storage, and distribution through digitalized copies.
» The benefits of implementing Open Access are reaped by many end users, such as, students, researchers, clinicians, patients, policy makers, and journalists. As long as there is Internet access, people from all over the world, be it an underdeveloped country in Africa, a developing country like India or developed countries such as USA or UK, will have immediate access to latest research findings. Thus, Open Access initiative helps in unlocking the traditional methods of subscription articles and releasing information to tertiary level readers, who normally would not have access to first hand research studies.
» Realizing the potential of Open Access in terms of greater visibility within and beyond the scientific community, in recent years, there has been a tremendous boost to Open Access movement through various Open Access publishers. We are one such publishing group that believes in this movement and is most ardently working towards the welfare and progress of scientific community. We are built upon the principles of Open Access and is determined to provide free and unrestricted access of research articles to scientists around the world for the advancement of science and technology.











